---
layout:       post
title:        "Book Club Discussion Questions"
# author:       "Author"
# categories:   jekyll update
# tags:         tag1 tag2

# POSTS LIST
class:       "style6"                         # config bg-color to post list card (1..6)
list-image:  "/assets/images/pic06.jpg"       # config image to post list card (1..6)
description: >                                # config description to post list card
  Read Fall Like Rain with your Book Club!

# POST HEADER
header-image: "/assets/images/Artwork10.jpeg"      # config image to post header
alt-image:    "image description test post j" # config image description to alt att.

data: through-the-story
doc: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSbUbmdQsQJQSkQ7POHefxbM1392O9uiXaQLRGO6rR0oJbg9gtlPyrC6R8gq5NoZ6RuVki_A2AZ4YVz/pub"
---
### Book Club Discussion Questions
<div class="4u 12u$(medium)">
  Click on the link to get printable doc
  <a href="{{ page.doc }}" target="_blank" class="button special fit">Book Club Questions Doc</a>
</div>

1. How does Kunthea describe her world as a young child? Is she aware of her poverty? When does she become aware?
2. At what point did you feel the weight of Kunthea’s circumstances? Was there a certain event that struck you most? Why?
3. In what ways were you able to relate to, or identify with Sophy? Do you know any Sophys?
4. Did you know any children of immigrants or refugees growing up? How were they or their families “different”?
5. Were there stories in the book that were especially jarring or upsetting to you? Which stories and why?
6. At what point do you think Kunthea began to feel the reality of her family’s circumstances?
7. How did the Cambodian societal and religious beliefs affect how she processed the events of her life? In what ways did you notice this affecting everyday life?
8. What unanswered questions did Kunthea have as a child?
9. Sophy struggles with Kunthea’s candid and childlike testimonies of demon possession in her village and her home, as she thinks to herself, “but what if it’s…real?.” What did you think of the stories of demon possession?
10. Which stories reveal corruption in Cambodia? Were you surprised by these? In what way?
11. At the end of chapter one Sophy writes, “Dear Diary, I am Sophy Marie Seng. I am 28 years old and I still have a lot to figure out . . .” What are some of Sophy’s most pressing questions? Did Kunthea’s story also leave you with questions? What questions?
12. What were some of the impossible choices facing Kunthea, her family and friends? Did you agree with some of the decisions people made? Why or why not?
13. What did you think about Kunthea’s relationships with her family, especially Sopheak? In what ways is family life different in your own culture?
14. After Kunthea decides to follow Preah Jesu (Jesus) she says her life is upside down and right side up. What do you think she meant by that?
15. Describe your reaction to the second diary.
16. What were some key take-aways for you from Fall Like Rain? What do you want to learn more about?

